tests/testthat/_snaps/inner_split.md, before:

# mc_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_mc_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# vfold_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_vfold_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# boot_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_boot_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# time_val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# clustering_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_window_split needs at least 2 observations

    Code
      inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Error in `inner_split()`:
      ! This set cannot be split into an analysis and a calibration set as there is only one row.

# sliding_window_split with incomplete sets

    Code
      inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Error in `inner_split()`:
      ! No calibration split possible.

# sliding_index_split needs at least 2 observations

    Code
      inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Error in `inner_split()`:
      ! This set cannot be split into an analysis and a calibration set as there is only one row.

# sliding_index_split with incomplete sets

    Code
      inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Error in `inner_split()`:
      ! No calibration split possible.

Commit message:

mock splits for sliding splits

tests/testthat/_snaps/inner_split.md, after:

# mc_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_mc_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# vfold_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_vfold_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# boot_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_boot_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# group_val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# time_val_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# clustering_split can create mock split

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_window_split needs at least 2 observations

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      This set cannot be split into an analysis and a calibration set as there is only one row; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_window_split with incomplete sets

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_index_split needs at least 2 observations

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      This set cannot be split into an analysis and a calibration set as there is only one row; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_index_split with incomplete sets

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_period_split needs at least 2 observations

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      This set cannot be split into an analysis and a calibration set as there is only one row; creating an empty calibration set.

# sliding_period_split needs observations in at least 2 periods

    Code
      isplit <- inner_split(r_split, split_args)
    Condition
      Warning:
      Cannot create calibration split; creating an empty calibration set.
